Yes, ma'am.
How are you doing this afternoon?
Now, is this Rose Hill?
Good.
This is Ed Couch.
Uh-huh.
I, I'm Vesta Adcock's nephew.
I need to get up there and see her,
but I'm gonna be a little bit late,
because, I'll tell you what,
I'm lost out here.
We are off the Alabama Interstate,
but I don't know where.
Okay.
Did you hear that?
What?
The train.
No, I didn't hear no train.
Oh, nothing, I guess.
Where's Whistle Stop on the map?
I can't find it.
Why did you tell me to turn right
ten miles back there, then?
God, you've got a negative sense
of direction, honey.
I'm sorry.
Oh, Ed, your aunt's gonna be
so disappointed we're late.
I know she's been looking
forward to this visit all week long.
Bless her sweet little old heart.
Hey, how's my sweet
Auntie V this afternoon?
Remember us?
Come on in.
Don't you look pretty?
- We've brought you something this sweet.
- Oh, let me look at you.
Honey, don't panic.
Don't you know
Evelyn loves you?
Well, honey.
I guess it'd be better if you just wait
out here for me or something.
I'll, I'll get all this stuff.
Well, if...
If you think it's best.
Yeah, I do, this time.
Okay?
Have a nice day, Aunt Vesta.
Don't you pitch a fit like that
Did you know they took
my gall bladder out?
Uh, no, I didn't.
Oh, yes.
Still in the hospital in a jar.
I guess that's where they keep them.
I guess.
When I was in the hospital,
the nurse gave me one of them
Fleet enemas they're so fond of.
Mrs. Cleo Threadgoode.
82-year-old widow.
Imagine that.
Actually, everybody calls me Ninny.
Of course, I'm just visiting here.
Did you ever have
one of them Fleet enemas?
Um...
Well...
No.
You'd remember it.
Me and my friend, Mrs. Otis,
come from Whistle Stop.
You ever been to Whistle Stop?
Why, yes.
I just passed by there today.
She's lived down the street from me
for, oh, 30 years or more.
After her son died,...
her daughter-in-law had a fit for her
to come live here at the nursing home,
and they asked me to come with her
and be her roommate.
Mrs. Otis don't know it,
but I'm going back home
just as soon as she gets settled in good.
Does the name "Idgie Threadgoode"
ring a bell?
Um...
No, ma'am.
I don't think so.
You'd remember her.
You see, I was practically adopted
by the Threadgoode family.
- I married her brother, Cleo.
- Oh. Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Idgie and her friend, Ruth,
ran the Whistle Stop Café.
Oh.
Idgie was a character, all right.
But, how anybody could have thought
she murdered that man is beyond me.
I beg your pardon?
Well, you sit and relax awhile.
I'll tell you all about it.
Oh, now, let's see um...
I remember the day they pulled
that truck up out of the river.
That same rainy summer day,
Idgie Threadgoode was arrested
for the murder
of the owner of that truck,
Frank Bennett.
I guess to understand Idgie,
you'd have to start way back
with her brother, Buddy.
Idgie was Buddy's pet
from the day she was born.
I remember the day we was all
getting ready for Leona's wedding.
The war had just ended.
The, the "Great" one, you know.
And another one was about
to begin in the Threadgoode house.
Sipsey, honey, is that finished?
What you doing?
Oh, Buddy.
Buddy, get dressed, honey.
- Mama?
- Leona, what is it?
Idgie's upstairs in her room,
and she, she said she won't come out
just as long as she lives.
- Mama, she is gonna ruin my wedding.
- Shh.
Why, Leona, you're gonna be
the most beautiful bride, you hear?
Well, of course she is, Papa.
Your papa has spent
every last nickel he has
just to make you happy.
Now, you try to act
a little grateful, young lady.
Imogen Louise Threadgoode!
This is your mama!
You come down here...
right now.
Do you hear me?
Buddy, you go fetch her.
She'll listen to you.
Come on down, Little Bit.
There's no firing squad waiting for you.
Ohh.
Come on, honey.
Now, let us see you.
Oh, you look so pretty.
- I see London, I see...
- Hush!
Julian, hush.
Come ahead, sweetheart.
You look awful nice in that.
Mama!
You look fine, Idgie.
- She looks like a monkey.
- Julian.
Stop it right this second.
- Take it back!
- Idgie!
- Take it back.
- Hey, hey, hey.
I told you she was
gonna ruin my wedding!
Idgie, get up.
Take it back!
Tell him to take it back.
- I'll get you for this.
- No, Buddy.
Julian, I am really cross with you now...
You know that we have to be careful
when she's dressing up.
- Pain! She's just a pain.
- You know it matters to her.
- My wedding is ruining.
- Leona, will you stop shrieking, honey?
This is your wedding day.
Looks like you got yourself
up a tree, Little Bit.
I'm sick of people making fun of me.
So you're gonna stay
up here all day long?
Yep.
The hell with them.
Who wants to wear
that stupid old dress anyway?
Did I ever tell you
about the oysters?
Oysters?
- Didn't I tell you about the oysters?
- No.
Think about all the millions of oysters
just lying around
on the bottom of the ocean.
And then one day...
God comes along and
He sees one and He says,
"I think I'm gonna make
that one different."
Did you know what He does?
He puts a little piece of sand in it.
And guess what it can do
that the others can't.
What?
It can make a beautiful pearl.
What if God made a mistake?
Well...
the way I figure it...
He never makes mistakes.
I mean, He made sure
we got together.
He made sure you got the best-looking,
most charming brother in the world,
who's gonna beat you
to the chocolate cake.
You will not.
I got you out of the tree now,
didn't I?
Did not.
Into this estate, these two people
come now to be joined.
If any man present can show cause
why they might not
lawfully be joined together,
let him speak now,
or forever after hold his peace.
Please, be seated.
If either of you know any reason
why you may not justly
be joined together in holy matrimony
do you now confess it?
It is in your will to proceed.
Do you, Charles Osgood Justice--?
Thank you.
I don't know what we'd do
without your generosity
and your kindness.
Sipsey, honey, especially you.
- Look at what you've done.
- Oh, you're welcome, Mrs. Threadgoode.
Give me that,
you rascal, you!
Oh!
- Jump on my back.
- I don't think that there ever was
a sweeter boy than
Buddy Threadgoode.
You look beautiful today, Lily.
Yes.
Lily, you sure do.
I had the biggest crush on him.
He was a terrible ﬂirt.
But, his heart belonged to Ruth Jamison.
Now, she was the daughter
of a friend of his mama's
who was visiting that summer.
Ruth Jamison,
you're just the one
I've been looking for.
Are you thirsty?
Let's go visit someplace else.
If you think that's a big lake,
you should've seen the one
next to our house.
We used to swim in it and fish.
I sure do miss it.
I sure do.
Well, what happened to it?
Did it dry up?
No, worse than that.
You see, last fall,
a big flock of ducks,
about 40 or 50 of them,
landed right smack in the middle of it.
While they were sitting in it,
this fluke thing happened.
You see, the temperature dropped so fast
that the whole lake froze...
in three seconds,
just like that.
No, those poor little ducks.
Did it kill them?
No, they flew off...
and took the lake with them.
Why, to this very day,
that lake is somewhere over in Georgia.
Buddy Threadgoode.
Just come a little closer.
I want to give you something.
Come here.
Whoa!
Come back here Mrs. Hat.
Where do you think you're going?
Woo-oo!
I've got it.
Hold on, Ruth.
Hold on, Little Bit.
It's just--
All right, I've got it.
Come here, you damn hat.
Got it! Oh!
Oh, I meant to do that
I've got it!
Ta-da!
All right.
Damn.
Come on.
Get off.
- Come on.
- Buddy!
- All right, don't you worry.
Buddy Threadgoode!
Come on, Buddy!
- Enough playing.
- Get out of there.
Get out of there.
Buddy Threadgoode!
Buddy!
- Come on, Buddy!
- Buddy!
Buddy!
No!
Buddy, no!
Buddy!
- Let go of her.
- No!
Buddy!
Let me go!
No.
- What is it?
- No!
Buddy!
- Idgie!
- Come on now.
- We've got to get back to the house.
- Buddy!
- Do not go there.
- No, Mama.
- Come on, Mama.
- Come on, we've got to go home.
Buddy!
- Buddy!
- You have to be strong. It's gonna be OK.
Buddy!
The Lord is my shepherd,
I shall not want.
Oh, it like to have killed us all.
But nary a one took it
as hard as Idgie.
Everyone thought she'd die
right along with him.
Night after night,
she stayed by the river.
Big George was the only soul
she'd let near her, and...
he watched over her
night and day.
You know,
a heart can be broken,
but, it still keeps a-beating
just the same.
Oh, Miss Idgie.
You'll have to keep this blanket on
or you'll catch your death of cold,
you hear me now?
- That's so sad.
- Uh-huh.
Would you like one of these?
Oh!
Thank you, honey.
Evelyn?
Eve, honey,
we gotta get going.
The Braves game's fixing to start.
And you're gonna miss your... thing.
Excuse me.
That's my husband, Ed.
Hi, ma'am.
How you doing?
Um...
I can't believe Buddy died.
Neither could I.
Oh, well...
I enjoyed talking to you, honey.
What's your name?
Um, Evelyn.
Evelyn Couch.
I've got to go.
You come back and see me,
you hear?
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Well, first of all, I want you
to truly dedicate yourselves
to finding little ways
to putting that magic that sparks
back into your marriage.
When we think
of romance and marriage,
what is the first thought
that comes into your mind?
Divorce.
Remember when marriage counselors used
to tell you to wrap yourself in cellophane
to put a little charge into your marriage?
Do we really pay for these lectures?
So you can see,
it is truly up to you...
to put romance back
into your relationship.
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ As I walk this land of broken dreams ♪
♪ I have visions of many things ♪
♪ - Happiness is just an illusion ♪
- Hi, honey.
Evelyn, have you gone insane?
My God, people can see you!
What if I'd have been
the paperboy or something, honey?
Get, get in there.
What are you thinking about?
Evelyn.
- Evelyn!
- Oh.
You know?
What we really need,
instead of this baloney,
is an assertiveness training class
for southern women.
But, that's a contradiction
in terms, isn't it?
Especially you, sweetheart.
You're living in the Dark Ages.
♪ The roots of love grow all around ♪
♪ But for me they come tumbling down ♪
♪ Every day heartaches grow
a little stronger ♪
♪ I can't stand this pain much longer ♪
- Hi, honey.
- Hi.
Ah, I need one of those.
Mmm, you smell good, too.
- Thank you.
- I need one of these.
- Oh, this looks good.
- Uh-huh.
Yes, indeed.
♪ Always moving but going nowhere ♪
♪ - What becomes of the brokenhearted ♪
- He bats at the right side...
Cos he's left-handed.
Ed.
Why don't you come in
and sit down at the table
and have dinner with me?
I'm sorry, honey.
The game's almost over.
I just wanted to see a bit of it.
Why are you so dressed up?
Honey, don't get
in the way there.
Just scoot over just a bit.
Ed?
If I'd answered the door
wearing only cellophane,
would you still be watching
the baseball game?
No, honey, I'd probably be
checking you into a loony bin.
Hi, sugar.
- How's my little dumpling?
- Trick or treat?
You're gonna throw
- one of them hissy fits, are you?
- Happy Halloween! Oh, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
- Oh, Lord.
- You are meaner than a damn snake.
I'm glad you're feeling better,
aunt Vesta.
- You need to get back in bed, honey.
- Good thing your eyesight's failing.
- Hey!
- Mmm. Oh.
Hey.
I was hoping you'd be here.
My roommate, Mrs. Otis,
said I could stay
and visit with her and her family,
but I said, "Thank you kindly,
but I think I might have
my own visitor."
And here you are!
Well, now, sit down.
- Thank you.
- And doughnuts to boot.
- You can't beat that.
- Well...
- Help yourself, Mrs. Threadgoode.
- Oh, thank you.
How's your friend?
- Mrs. Otis?
- Mmm-hmm.
Well, not so good.
Oh.
Looks like I won't be getting home
for quite a while, and I sure miss it.
Funny what you miss
when you're away from home.
I miss the smell of coffee.
And bacon frying.
Oh.
What I wouldn't give for a plate
of fried green tomatoes
like we used to have at the café.
Ooh...
I never told you
about the café, did I?
No, ma'am.
Oh, well...
Now, let me back up a bit.
You see...
Idgie never quite
got over losing Buddy.
She hardly ever come home.
Only Big George knew how to find her.
She just didn't seem to care
about anything any more.
And then one summer day...
her mama sent for her.
Like they say...
God never shuts one door
without opening another.
That was also the day
- Idgie met Frank Bennett.
- Mama!
The man whose murder
got her arrested.
Well, hello there, miss.
And who might you be?
Towanda to you.
Who are you?
Oh, Frank Bennett's the name,
Miss Towanda.
I must say, you are looking
mighty fine today.
Are you a politician, or
does lying just run in your family?
Mama!
- Well, there you are!
- Well, it's about time, Idgie.
If you don't look like
the Wild Man Of Borneo.
- There you go.
- Well, thank you.
Guess who's here.
Who?
Ruth. She's staying
with us this summer...
and will be in charge of all the young
people's activities at the church.
Is that why you wanted to see me?
Well, we have so many
nice things planned.
Ruth!
You remember my youngest child?
Of course, I do.
Hi, Idgie.
Hi.
Maybe, this isn't such a good idea.
Oh, it's got to work.
Somebody's got to help her.
I can't.
Are you sure you wanna go
to this here River Club, Miss Ruth?
These ain't no churchgoing folks,
you know?
I'll do just fine, George.
Thank you.
Oh, excuse me.
Is um, Idgie Threadgoode here,
by any chance?
Come on in, honey.
She's right down here.
- Oh, here?
- Uh-huh.
Oh.
I'll see you, Grady Kilgore.
And I'll raise you 20.
You ain't got nothing.
Maybe I do and maybe I don't.
Put your money where
your mouth is, Mr. Sheriff.
Well, look what the cat brung in.
I came to talk to you.
You're gonna have to wait.
I'm busy.
Come on, Grady.
This is your big chance.
You in or out?
It'll make you a rich man.
You're just bluffing again as usual.
I'm afraid you're gonna
have to excuse Idgie.
- She's going home for dinner.
- Hey!
- Nice meeting you.
- Where you going?
- Say goodbye, Idgie.
- Excuse me.
Where the hell are you going
with my money?
We're going home.
Who are you to boss me around?
I'm the one holding your money,
that's who.
Give it back.
Now, get in the car.
All right.
I'll get in the car.
You win.
Come on.
Sucker!
I'll leave here when I want to.
I just don't know how you can break
your mother's heart like you do.
I'm not doing anything to my mother.
- Oh, no?
- No.
Why do you think
I'm over here for the summer?
Your mother was worried about you.
She thought I might be able
to try to talk sense into you.
But you're too busy being selfish.
What are you talking about?
Idgie, you're not the only one
who lost Buddy.
We all...
miss him, but...
turning your back on
your family is not gonna help.
What's he got to do with anything?
It looks like you're the one
with the problem forgetting my brother.
Why, just ten miles away,
down by the river,
there lurks a den of the devil!
Where liquor...
and gambling...
and sin abide!
Snakes and serpents.
Hey, Scroggins!
You're finally preaching
about something you're kin to.
Snakes.
As I said...
snakes and serpents take many disguises.
Let's turn to page 53 in our hymnal.
Yoo-hoo!
Big George thought
I might find you here.
If you give me a chance,
a chance to get to know you,
maybe it'll be fun.
Fun?
Idgie, just spend some time with me.
Please.
Suit yourself.
Are you sure you don't
wanna back out now?
- It's not too late.
- I'm sure.
Here, hold this.
Tell me, now,
you like trains?
Yes.
Good.
We'll get along just fine.
Boy, did we luck out tonight.
Hop in.
Hop?
Oh.
Give me your hand.
Just put your foot up there.
Hold this.
Look at all this.
Don't you think
we should get off the train?
It's starting to move.
No.
The fun just started.
You all right?
Well, sometimes I get
a little dizzy looking down.
Don't look down.
What are you doing?
Come on. Look.
They're throwing away food!
- Where?
- Food!
You talk about "give unto others".
Yes, but this food isn't yours to give.
That's church talk.
I've seen those same people
over at church on Sunday...
over at the River Club
every other night of the week,
doing anything but pray.
Come on.
- Give me.
- More!
- Over here.
More, more!
- Whoa!
- Let me go there.
More!
Thank you.
- Get some more!
- Give them back.
- No.
Okay.
Time to get off.
We gotta jump.
Jump?
Yeah, jump.
The next stop is five miles
down the tracks.
I don't wanna walk that far back.
Are you crazy?
You're not kidding.
Well...
I give up.
Jump.
I'll tell Mama I'm not
a good influence on you--
You'll never jump, will you?
Don't say "never" to me.
Oh!
Towanda!
Ow!
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
I'm all right.
Ow!
- Does this hurt?
- Ouch!
I guess so.
- We better get you to a doc...
- Shit!
doctor.
Which way is it?
About two miles down the tracks.
All right.
Let's go.
You'll never be able
to carry me that far.
I know.
Never say never.
I'm not carrying you.
We're walking.
Thank you, Julian.
I owe you one.
Oh.
Ah.
Ow!
Aren't you ready yet?
What?
This doesn't have anything
to do with trains, does it?
- You like honey?
- Oh, yeah, I like honey.
- Fresh honey?
- Yeah.
Me too.
There it is.
There what is?
You'll see...
Soon enough.
Now...
stay here.
No matter what happens,
don't move.
What are you gonna do?
Ah.
Mmm.
Here you are, madame.
This is for you.
Wh... Why did you do that?
You could have been killed.
I'm sorry.
Don't you want the honey?
I got it just for you.
It's all right.
I do it all the time.
I never get stung, honest.
Don't be mad at me, Ruth.
Idgie, I'm not mad at you.
No fooling?
Is it bad, what I did?
No.
Thought I might be crazy or something?
No, no.
No, I've heard there were people...
who could charm bees.
I've just never seen it done...
before today.
You're just a bee charmer,
Idgie Threadgoode.
That's what you are.
A bee charmer.
Here, you want to taste it?
"Satan started to laugh at Job's devotion.
"He bet...
"God...
"that Job would never
have so much faith
"if he didn't have so many blessings.
"And he went on and on
so long and so much...
"that God finally agreed
to let Satan put Job to a test.
"And suddenly,
"from being on top of the world,
Job was plunged down into
the deepest pits of misery."
Surprise!
Idgie Threadgoode!
Now tonight, we're gonna
have a real party.
Drink this and then
we're gonna play some poker.
Well, I don't...
I don't know how to play poker
and I never drink, but...
thank you anyway.
We're not weaseling that out.
♪ - Oh, my darling' ♪
- Taking it in here.
- Here comes the windup now.
- Here comes the windup.
- Oh.
Burn that ball in here.
Burn 'em in here.
- Burn 'em in here.
- Throw that ball.
Right in the pocket.
I... I don't know how to bat.
- Yeah, and you don't drink either.
- All right now.
- Come on, buddy.
- Come on.
Gonna be a spitter.
- Hold the bat and swing.
- Gonna be a spitter.
- I'll pitch it easy to you.
- Spitter?
She gonna spit at me?
- Don't be a chant, you hear?
- No, she gonna spit on the ball.
- Wait a minute!
- Swing that bat.
- Oh, that's all right.
- Take another crack at it.
- All right.
Take another crack at it.
Get 'em in here.
Get 'em in.
Come on.
Yeah!
Wooh! Wooh!
- Wooh! Wooh! Wooh! Wooh! Wooh!
- My God, you are--
- Wooh! Wooh, wooh, wooh!
- You've got to run.
Run, run, run.
Come on, run around the bases!.
Don't kiss everybody! Run!
I have never had so much fun
in my whole life.
And I even got a home run.
A clean one at that.
A straight beats three of a kind.
You know, poker isn't half bad.
Oh, Idgie, what's your mother
gonna say when she sees us both...
drunk?
You've got to stop worrying
about what people think.
I know.
I mean, you've always
done the right thing.
You took care of your daddy,
the preacher, when he took sick.
You take care of all of the kids
over at the church school.
You're gonna take care of your mama.
I know, and I'm gonna marry
the man I'm supposed to.
You're getting married?
As soon as the summer's over.
Oh, am I gonna miss you.
This is the best birthday...
I ever had.
Ruth invited Idgie to the wedding.
but Idgie never did write back.
No.
But, she did drive all night
to Valdosta, Georgia,
to watch from afar.
Whoa!
Here we go!
And then she swore
she'd never see Ruth again.
- No, siree.
- I know.
Whoa!
Now, now, Mama Jamison,
you put that down right now.
No, no, no.
Oh, my Lord!
Frank, I love you.
So, during these next few weeks,...
we will be learning to reclaim...
our own power as women.
Hallelujah!
And tonight,...
we're gonna begin to explore
our own femaleness...
by examining the source...
of our strength...
and our separateness.
Our vaginas.
So, if you all will just slip off
your panties now
and straddle your mirrors.
- Oh, I'm so sorry.
- Miss Couch.
Miss Couch!
Um...
I need to be excused for a minute.
Missy, could you come with me
to the ladies' room?
Do you find this threatening?
Uh, well, um...
Do you have a problem
with your sexuality?
No, ma'am. But um...
I do have a problem
with my girdle.
♪ Cherish is the word ♪
♪ I use to describe ♪
♪ All the feelings that I have ♪
Hi, baby.
All right, fried chicken!
My favourite.
♪ I don't know how many times ♪
♪ I wish that I had told you ♪
Ed!
Ed...
Those classes I've been taking forever
aren't helping us one bit.
Let's go to Florida...
like when we got married.
Kyle's gone.
Busy with his own life.
It'd be just the two of us.
Well, honey, it's just
the two of us here now.
Boy, you got a good scald
on that chicken.
Mmm, I'm telling you,
it's really good.
Thank you.
We could rent a boat
and drift around in the hot sun.
What do you think about it?
Well, I'm just getting used to it
being quiet around here.
Honey...
if those classes...
aren't doing you any good, then
don't go to them.
Everyone needs a miracle in their life.
Damn.
The game's blacked out.
To change the ordinary.
Oo-hoo!
Mrs. Threadgoode?
Hey, Evelyn.
Do you like it?
Oooh!
Well, uh, who did it for you,
darling?
Well, believe it or not,
it was a student.
A little bitty thing,
no bigger than a midget,
from the beauty college.
Sometimes, they come out here
and do our hair for free.
Just for the practice,
you know?
Is Ed with you?
Oh, um...
No, ma'am.
His aunt said she didn't want
visitors any more.
Especially us.
It's a shame.
I know he feels bad.
But...
Lord, if he'll talk to me about it.
Oh, thank you!
Merry Christmas.
Mrs. Threadgoode?
How about telling me some more...
about Idgie?
Oh, well, now,
let me see.
Where were we?
Ruth had just gotten married
to, to Frank Bennett?
Wasn't that the man
Idgie was arrested for murdering?
That's right.
After Ruth left,...
Idgie just went back
to her old ways.
Hanging out with Grady
and the boys at the River Club.
But after a few years,...
temptation got the better of her.
I don't wanna wake you, Miss Idgie.
But, it's an all-day drive to Valdosta.
Your mama said if you're going,
she wants you to take
this pie to Miss Ruth.
Oh, how does she know
where I'm going?
She knows because I told her.
Don't you go stirring up
no trouble for Miss Ruth now.
Yes, ma'am.
Don't "yes, ma'am" me.
Now you can stay in my house
as long as you want to,
but don't you try to treat me
like you treat your mama.
- Grandma!
- Yes, ma'am.
Hi there.
Yes?
Uh, is Ruth at home?
Who's calling?
Um...
You just tell her it's the...
bee charmer from Alabama.
Ruth!
There's some bee person
here to see you.
Idgie?
Hi.
You've got a real nice home and...
- real nice things and all.
- Mmm-mmm.
Thank you.
Oh, Mama said to give you this pie.
So--
Idgie Threadgoode.
How are you?
You look so...
so grown-up.
All the guys must be wild about you.
Tell me...
do you have a fella yet?
Uh...
a couple.
I haven't decided on any.
- Grady's the most persistent one.
- Grady Kilgore?
Don't say it so loud.
Ruth, honey,
who's down there?
- Hey.
- Well--
- What happened to you?
- Nothing.
Nothing?
Where'd you get the shiner?
- Well, I...
- Who's down there?
Listen, I think you'd better leave now.
- Did he hit you?
- No.
- Did he beat you?
- Idgie.
Somebody's got to talk to him.
- Somebody's got to stand up to him.
- You're not gonna do anything.
- I'm going to kill him.
- No, no.
I'm gonna have a little
conversation with him about...
- You're not gonna do anything.
- picking on somebody...
- You understand me?
- his own size.
You're not gonna do anything,
you understand?
If you care about me,
if you really do,
you'll turn around
and leave this minute.
You understand?
Well.
What'd she want?
Nothing.
Ruth's a grown woman
and she knows what's best for her.
Mmm.
I'm not so sure about that.
Idgie?
Grady, hi.
Idgie, will you dance with me?
No!
Oh, come on, Idgie.
It's only a dance.
Miss Idgie Threadgoode...
- Get your butt off the floor.
- will you...
- Oh, my God.
- dance with me?
I will not dance with you...
and I will not marry you.
Go marry Gladys Moats.
She just adores you.
But, she did fall on her head
when she was just a child.
You're just a goofy girl,
Idgie Threadgoode, a goofy girl.
- Who are you calling a goof?
- Ow! Ow, ow, ow.
- Now, now, you stop that
- before I get mad and hurt you.
- Oh, yeah? You try it.
Whoa, oh, oh!
Grady!
- There, now. You give up?
- No! I'll never give up.
Grady finally got dizzy and gave up.
Try as they might,
none of them fellas at Eva's
River Club could tame Idgie.
Now.
A little while later,
a letter come from Ruth.
Oh.
It's an obituary.
Oh, no, honey,
Ruth's mother died.
Oh.
And this is from the Bible.
It's...
from the book of Ruth.
And Ruth said...
"Whither thou goest, I will go.
"Where thou lodgest, I will lodge.
Thy people shall be my people."
All right Julian,
you and Big George
wait out here for a minute.
Mama died.
I know.
And I'm pregnant.
Hey, Julian,
I've got another box in here
when you're done.
I've never seen anybody
with so many hats.
Why don't we put three in one box?
I don't think we could fit
all these in the car.
We're gonna need a separate
truck for all your stuff.
What the hell is going on here?
Looks like your wife's
leaving you, mister.
- Oh, sure she is.
- Hey, don't, don't you touch her!
- Let go!
- Ow!
Get off!
That what hurt now!
That's right!
Whoa!
Stop it!
No!
Ow!
Don't you hurt her!
Who's afraid!
I wouldn't do that
if I was you, mister.
See, the thing is,
you might upset Big George.
And he's...
crazy.
There's no telling
what he might do.
Go on, get out of here.
Oh, oh!
Hey!
- Come on.
- Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Come on, now.
Come on, here.
Let's go.
Come on.
- Are you OK?
- Let's get Miss Ruth...
and get out of here.
Come on, Miss Ruth.
Come on.
- Come on.
- We're going.
If you ever touch her again,
I'll kill you.
Well, I sure as hell
scared him, didn't I?
Yeah, you sure scared him.
Towanda!
The amazing Amazon woman!
Towanda?
Towanda!
Oh, yeah, over here.
Evelyn?
- Evelyn!
- Oh.
I'm sorry.
I was just looking
at the pictures, Missy.
They have the greatest stories
in that magazine, don't they?
Well, I'll see you in group tonight.
We'll be talking about masturbation.
Oh, well, no.
I don't think so.
I think I've had enough learning
for the time being, thank you.
Thank you.
Oh!
Excuse me.
Screw you!
Nothing.
Excuse me, young man!
There was no reason for you
to be so rude to me back there.
Get away from me,
you fat cow!
What did you call me?
Beat it, you old bitch.
Why are you being so mean to me?
What did I ever do to you?
I don't understand!
Look at my StoveTop!
Boo!
Oh, honey.
What in the world is the matter?
I don't know.
Come on.
I need some exercise.
Now...
you tell me what's
bothering you, sugar.
I just...
I just feel so useless.
So...
So powerless.
But, everybody goes through that.
But, I can't stop eating.
Every day, I try and try.
And every day, I go off.
I hide candy bars
all over the house.
But, a candy bar ain't
gonna hurt you none.
One, no, but...
10 or 11?
I can't even look at my own vagina.
Well, now, honey,
I can't help you on that one.
I wish I had the courage to just
get it over with
and get really fat.
Oh, Mrs. Threadgoode,
I just...
I'm too young to be old
and I'm too old to be young.
Maybe, I'm just going crazy.
Are you getting hot flashes?
Sometimes.
You get the sweats and
your heart starts a-pounding?
How did you know?
Simple, honey.
You're going through the change.
I used to burst into tears
for no reason at all.
You need some hormones.
Maybe, some of them Stresstabs No.4
for good measure.
Really?
Is that all?
Sure, honey.
You get yourself some hormones.
And then you get out
of the house and get a job.
Why, with your pretty complexion,
I'll bet you'll be just
great with cosmetics.
I know how you feel.
I was about your age
when I had my child.
Then I went through the change of life.
- I didn't know you had a child.
- Oh, yes, I did.
Albert.
When he was born,
the doctor said
it would be best if
I didn't see him at all.
He said his mind would never
develop past the age of five, and...
I should just put him
in an institution because
the burden of raising a child
like that would be too great.
Well...
I thought about Ruth.
She always said...
there was a separate God
for children.
So, I just smiled at him
and I, I asked for the baby.
Oh...
How could anybody think that
sweet, precious baby
could ever be a burden?
Why, from the minute he was born,
Albert was the joy of my life.
The Lord's greatest gift.
I don't believe there was a purer soul
ever lived on this earth.
I had him with me till he was 30.
And then he went to sleep and...
didn't wake up.
Sometimes, I can't wait to get
to heaven to see him again.
Yeah!
Shit!
It's a boy!
Ya-hoo!
Whoa, whoa!
I think a little prayer of thanksgiving
would be in order.
God damn it to hell,
son of a bitch, she did it!
Here's to Ruth.
Idgie always did have a way with words
around the Reverend Scroggins.
Well...
Ruth had a baby.
- She named him Buddy.
- Be careful.
Buddy Junior.
And Papa went and borrowed money,
so Ruth and Idgie Could start a Café.
The Whistle Stop Café.
♪ When you come by my house ♪
♪ Come down behind the jail ♪
♪ I've got a sign on my door ♪
♪ "Barbecue for sale" ♪
♪ I'm talking about barbecue ♪
♪ Only thing I crave ♪
♪ - And that good-doing' meat ♪
- Here, a room to stay.
♪ Will carry me to my grave ♪
♪ I'm selling' it for cheap ♪
- Miss Idgie, get the door for Papa.
♪ - And if you try one time ♪
♪ - Boy, you can't get enough ♪
- Papa.
Big George.
Miss Ruth, me and the missus
sure do want to thank you for
- sending that soup over for us last night.
- Mmm-hmm.
I'll, I'll pay you when I get ahead.
Oh, you don't owe me a thing, Ocie.
- Thank you, ma'am.
- I'm just glad they're better.
How is this, by the way?
- Oh, it's good.
- It's good. Very good, ma'am.
I'm not happy till
I see clean plates.
It can't go on, Idgie.
I'm talking to you
as a friend now, Idgie.
There are some people in this town,
they is paying customers too,
- but I won't say who.
- Here you go, honey.
But, there are some people
don't like you selling to coloureds.
Here you go.
Well, listen, Grady.
I'll tell you what.
The next time those
"some people" come in here,
I'm gonna ask them
if they don't want anybody to know
who they are under those sheets they wear
when they go marching around in one
of those stupid parades you boys have.
How come they don't have enough
sense to change their shoes?
Now, you just hold on there, Idgie.
No, y'all ain't fooling anybody, Grady.
Why, I'd recognise those size 14
clodhoppers you got anywhere.
Just a minute, now, Idgie.
Would you like
some more pie, Grady?
No, thank you, Ruth.
Psst. Idgie.
I'll talk to the boys.
But, you just keep them
on out back there, you hear?
Bye, Ruth.
Bye, Grady.
Why, you're gonna get yourself
in a whole heap of trouble.
What?
Grady?
He's harmless.
Oh, you should have seen
that big ox down by the river.
Three solid days,
drunk as a dog,
crying like a baby.
Cos Joe, that old coloured man
that raised him, had died.
- Remember that, Sipsey?
- Yes'm.
But, he sure ain't joking now, is he, son?
No, ma'am.
He won't even sit in the same room
and have a meal today.
Oh, it don't make no kind of sense.
A big old ox like Grady won't
sit next to a coloured child,
but he eats eggs...
shoot right out of a chicken's ass.
♪ Now, some like it hot ♪
♪ And some like it cold ♪
♪ Some take it any way, ♪
♪ any way it's sold ♪
♪ I'm talking' 'bout barbecue ♪
♪ Only thing I crave ♪
Come on, Smokey.
Let's go for a walk.
♪ And that good-doing' meat ♪
♪ Going' to take me to my grave ♪
I'm sorry about spilling
my food in there, ma'am.
Um...
I'll just head on.
Do you see that piece of land over there?
That...
That used to be a lake.
- No.
- Yeah.
And then this one November,...
all these ducks come by...
and they landed on that lake.
Then the temperature dropped so fast,
the whole lake just froze.
Then the ducks took off
and took the lake with them.
Now that lake's somewhere over in Georgia.
- That's the way I heard it.
- Go on, now.
God bless you, ma'am.
♪ Cool down by ♪
♪ the river banks ♪
♪ Banks of Jordan ♪
♪ Cool down by ♪
♪ The banks of Jordan ♪
♪ Cool down by the river banks ♪
- Here, try this.
♪ - The banks of Jordan ♪
So what do you think?
They're OK.
The truth.
They're um...
They're...
They're terrible!
Oh, well.
Don't be shy.
Tell me how you feel.
I will.
What did you go and do that for?
I just thought you needed
a little cooling off.
You're right.
Try these.
I think we need to make a little paste.
What in the name of Christmas
are you two doing?
She's trying to teach me how to cook!
Look at those fried green tomatoes.
You'd better stop this,
or I'm gonna have to arrest you
for disorderly conduct.
Oh, arrest us, then.
- Let me handle this.
- All right.
Grady.
Arrest us.
Go ahead and arrest us.
Ruth, I have to say it.
I believe Idgie's been
a bad influence on you.
I agree.
♪  I-I-I ♪
♪ Don't wanna hear you weep no more ♪
♪ When I'm gone ♪
♪ Don't wanna hear you weep ♪
♪  In my grave, Lord ♪
♪ In my grave ♪
I'll be back in a minute.
Y'all keep the show going till then.
We ain't going nowhere.
Down again.
Is she still poorly?
Where's the baby?
Who are you?
What do you want?
Frank!
Get out of here.
Get on out of here!
Go on, get out of here
and leave us alone.
Come on, now, Ruth.
You wouldn't deny a father
the right to see his own son,...
- would you?
- You git, I say.
Scat you!
Damn!
Gimme that.
Let it go!
Well.
That's my boy.
Isn't it?
Is everything all right, ma'am?
Our guest is just leaving.
Come on, Frank, let's go.
I'll be back.
In the end, you and the baby
are gonna be back.
I ain't scared of you.
No, sir.
You should be.
You mind your manners, boy!
Grady?
What does Gladys think
of you staying out late and...
losing all your money to me
in poker night after night?
She likes it just fine.
They've got Big George!
Idgie!
- Let go of him!
- Idgie, you let me handle this, now.
We've seen how you treat your niggers
around here and we don't like it.
Well, I'm the law in these here parts.
And I really don't care
what you like or you don't like.
Now, you turn him loose.
Now, don't get all riled up,
nigger-lover.
Are you deaf or something?
I said let him go...
before you get yourselves
in a whole lot of trouble!
Calm, calm down.
We just wanted to have
a little get-together and
make sure we see
eye to eye on some things.
You hear me, now?
Let's let him go, boys.
We've had enough fun for one night.
All right, turn him loose.
- Come on.
- No, Miss Idgie.
- You're gonna get in trouble.
- Come on.
Well, now, that's more like it.
It seems I don't recognise
any of you boys.
Y'all ain't from Whistle Stop, are you?
This ought to do it.
I wanna to thank you, Miss Idgie.
Oh, forget it.
You'd have done the same for me.
Now, try to get some sleep.
Who the hell were those assholes?
They's just some old boys from Georgia
come over here to put
a little scare in you.
Well, it worked.
One of 'em was over here
the other day for something, and...
seen you selling food to coloreds.
They decided to come back
to shake you up a little bit.
I told 'em...
we don't need anybody from Georgia
coming over here telling us
what we can or cannot do.
They won't be back.
I guaran-gol-damn-tee you that.
One other thing,
little Miss Smarty-pants.
I do not wear a size 14 shoe.
And I don't much care for parades,...
bedsheets or otherwise.
Hey.
What's the matter?
It was Frank.
He saw the baby.
- Are you sure it was him?
- Yes, I'm sure.
So that's why those Kluxers were here.
Let me take him.
Don't worry.
I mean...
if he's dumb enough...
to come back again, Grady and
the Alabama boys will take care of him.
And if they don't, I'll...
think of something.
Don't take any chances.
Promise me you won't
do anything crazy.
No matter what.
Me?
Not me.
I'm gonna put him down.
Hey, little Buddy.
That was the last
anyone saw of Frank Bennett...
until the night of the town follies.
Ruth was away at one of
the Reverend Scroggins' many revivals.
One thing a woman expects
when she gets married...
is sympathy.
Well, haven't you got that
since you married me?
I sure have...
from the whole town.
Hey there!
Miss Idgie,
you've got to come quick.
Well, the show's hardly begun.
You've got to come quick now.
You hear me?
Run now and get help!
- Where is the baby?
- Go get help, quick!
- Run!
- Never mind.
Excuse me, sir.
I don't believe you should be
going anywhere with Ruth's baby.
Thank you.
Hi there.
What can I do for you boys?
- Idgie.
- Grady.
This here is Sheriff Curtis Smoote.
- Hi there.
- He's over here from Georgia.
- Oh.
- And he's looking for a fella.
Do you recognise him?
- No.
- That's my husband.
But, I haven't seen him in months.
Well, I heard he got run over
by a Brinks armoured truck.
What's he done?
Nothing that we know of.
We're trying to find out
what's been did to him.
He told his hired man he was coming
over here to see his wife and baby, but...
he ain't never showed up back home.
Hell, I told him if he showed up
in this town, we'd all have known.
It looks a little sissified to me.
From what I hear,
most of you boys over there in Georgia
are a little light on your feet.
That's the way I heard it.
Could I interest you in some pie?
No, ma'am.
But, that barbecue sure smells good.
Best damn barbecue
in the state of Alabama.
Here you go.
That's your fourth one today.
I swear you're about
to eat up all my barbecue.
Sit down.
You ain't fooling me, girly girl.
I know who you are.
I heard from Bennett's hired hand that
you threatened to kill Frank Bennett.
Now, he ain't showed up dead yet.
But if he does, you're in
a whole mess of trouble.
You understand?
What we're talking about
is murder here.
Running afoul of the law, and
don't nobody get away with that,
not even a bunch of
Alabama smart alecks.
Now.
If I find so much as
a hair of his head,
I'll arrest you faster than
you can slap a tick.
Cos I'm the law.
And you can't beat the law.
Hey there.
Tell me what he said.
Who?
Smoote's?
I told you.
He said...
that was the best damn
barbecue he ever had.
That's all?
- No.
- What else?
He said, pie was pretty good too.
You sure you ain't never
seen this man before?
Yes, sir.
I've already told you.
I ain't never seen him.
You'd do anything for Miss Idgie now,
wouldn't you, boy?
Yes, sir.
Would you kill for her?
Did you kill for her?
No, sir.
Well, now, maybe one of these days
you'll tell the truth.
Just remember, we hang
lying niggers in Georgia
just as fast as
they do in Alabama.
Yes, sir.
I remember.
♪ A God ♪
♪ To ♪
♪ Glorify ♪
♪ A never-dying soul to save ♪
♪ And fit it for the sky ♪
Sorry.
What are you doing in here?
No milk in the house.
Where were you?
Taking care of business,
having a good time.
I've been thinking.
Maybe, I should move on,
because of Frank and all.
I just...
don't want you to feel like...
you have to look out for us.
I just...
don't want to be selfish,
that's all.
Maybe if I wasn't here,
you'd settle down.
I'm as settled as I ever hope to be.
Then...
why can't you tell me
where you were?
I had a dream...
the other night.
I dreamt that...
Buddy was gone.
I ran to his crib...
and there he was,
sleeping like an angel.
And you know...
I thanked God for letting me
still have Buddy.
And I remembered...
having the same reaction...
after Frank would beat me,
thanking the Lord for giving me
the strength to take it.
And I remembered...
thanking the Lord for
each day that my mother lived.
Even when she was
spitting up blood and...
praying for me to kill her.
I looked in my mother's eyes,
pleading for me to help her.
And all I could do...
was pray.
While...
While you were gone,
as I was holding Buddy,
I thought,...
if that...
bastard,...
Frank Bennett, ever tries
to take my child,...
I won't pray.
I'll break his neck.
Ruth, you don't have to worry
about Frank Bennett any more.
How can you say that?
It's his child too.
He won't give up on his blood.
I'm only gonna tell you this one time.
Frank Bennett won't be
bothering you no more.
You understand?
You killed him...
didn't you?
No.
You don't believe me.
Right now, I don't know
what to believe.
Believe me when I tell you
I don't want you to move out.
♪ If I can help ♪
♪ Somebody ♪
♪ As I go ♪
Finally.
Thanks.
I've been out here all day.
♪ If I can show
♪ Somebody ♪
♪ That they're traveling ♪
♪ Traveling wrong ♪
♪ Then my living ♪
♪ Shall not ♪
♪ No, it shall not be in vain ♪
Uh, excuse me.
Uh, I was waiting for that space.
Yeah? Tough!
Face it, lady,
we're younger and faster.
Towanda.
- Hey!
- Yeah!
Whoa, whoa!
Towanda!
Yes, ma'am!
Whoa, whoa!
Help!
Someone!
What are you doing?
Are you crazy?
Face it, girls.
I'm older and I have more insurance.
I never get mad,
Mrs. Threadgoode.
Never.
The way I was raised,
it was bad manners.
Well, I got mad.
And it felt terrific.
I felt like I could beat the shit
out of all those punks.
Excuse my language.
Just beat 'em to a pulp.
Beat 'em till they begged for mercy.
Towanda the avenger.
And after I, after I wipe out
all the punks in this world,
I'll take on the wife-beaters
like Frank Bennett...
and machine-gun their genitals.
Towanda will go on the rampage.
I'll put tiny little bombs in
Penthouse and Playboy,
so they'll explode
when you open them.
And I'll ban all fashion models
who weigh less than 130 pounds.
And I'll give half the military budget
to people over 65.
And declare wrinkles sexually desirable.
Towanda...
righter of wrongs,
queen beyond compare.
How many of them hormones
are you taking, honey?
♪ Oh, when you give more than you get ♪
♪ You're in danger ♪
Well, honey...
what I can't understand is,
how in the hell...
you could hit someone...
six times by accident?
Oh, Ed.
Don't make such a big deal about it.
What the hell's this?
That's a low-cholesterol meal.
Happy Valentine's.
♪ That's danger ♪
♪ And heartbreak dead ahead ♪
God!
Are you trying to kill me?
If I was gonna kill you,
I'd use my hands.
♪ Stop! In the name of love ♪
♪ Before you break my heart ♪
♪ Think it over ♪
I'm worried about
my little friend Evelyn.
She said her husband, Ed, would just be
sitting around watching his sports on TV,
and she has an urge to hit him
in the head with a baseball bat.
Oh hell, that seems normal to me.
- Hi, Janeen.
- Mmm-hmm.
Hi, Mrs. Threadgoode.
Would you like some crudités?
Oh, thank you, Evelyn, but...
this raw stuff don't
sit good with me.
Mrs. Threadgoode...
you have to tell me something.
Did Idgie murder
Frank Bennett or not?
Well, hold your horses, honey.
Where were we?
You didn't kill Ed,
now, did you?
Not yet.
Oh, good.
Anyway.
Five years had passed
since Frank Bennett disappeared.
And Smokey Lonesome had been missing
ever since that same terrible night.
I remember the day
when he showed up again.
My God, son.
You're the spitting image of Ruth.
Buddy Threadgoode Junior.
Nice to meet you, sir.
Well, sir, Smokey Lonesome.
Curtis Smoote was making
one of his visits to Whistle Stop, Alabama.
Still hunting and pecking
for any scrap of evidence about
Frank Bennett's whereabouts.
- Who wants to begin?
- Oh, I do!
- Miss Ruth, I do.
- I do, Miss Ruth.
- Thank you.
All right,
we'll begin on page five.
Life has a funny way
of working things out.
Well, hey there!
Smokey!
- Idgie?
- Smokey Lonesome.
Well, if it isn't old home week!
How are you?
Well, I'm rattling but I'm rolling.
Well, what brings you to these pans?
The smell of good cooking.
Hey, Smokey.
- Sipsey.
- Well, let me fix you some lunch.
I think you know just about everybody
except maybe Curtis Smoote.
He's an officer from over
Valdosta, Georgia.
He's been looking for the same man
for almost five years.
Very stubborn fella.
He loves our barbecue.
Mommy!
Mommy, help!
Buddy!
Buddy. Buddy!
- Everybody out of the way.
- Let me in.
Give him here.
- Get him to the doctor, now!
- Come on.
Let him go.
I got him. Let him go.
- Please, hurry!
- I know. Let me with him.
You're gonna be all right.
- Open the door!
- He's gonna be fine.
All right, calm down.
Put him, yeah.
Put him in the back.
Get him in the car.
It's all right, honey.
I can understand
having a funeral for an arm.
I just don't know why
she insists on calling him "Stump"?
Well, she said everybody else
is gonna be calling him that.
So we might just as well be the first.
Okay, ice cream and cakes
for everybody in the café.
Go on.
- Ice cream and cake.
- All right, I am first.
My daddy always used to say
there was a separate God for children.
The good Lord was
watching over Stump that day.
But then, it started to rain that month.
And it rained and it rained
and it flooded parts of Whistle Stop.
And that's why Grady's
deputy stumbled on to
Frank Bennett's pick-up truck.
And I just knew Idgie'd
never get out of this mess.
Now, are you in or out?
Remember, Ruth,
I didn't take any cards.
Look at me, Idgie Threadgoode.
Let me see your face.
- Idgie, I have to talk to you.
- You're bluffing.
Hi, Grady, why don't you sit in?
I'll deal you a new hand.
Gladys won't mind.
In private, Idgie.
Excuse us, Ruth.
Well.
I'm just trying to teach you
not to fall for any tricks.
You're doing a great job.
What's your hurry?
And what is so important?
What's that?
Somebody found
Frank Bennett's truck in the river.
What's that got to do with me?
Well, officially, you and Big George
are under arrest for murder.
You're in my custody until tomorrow.
I'm supposed to take you over to Georgia
first thing in the morning.
Unless, of course--
Well, some people have been known
to pack up and sneak out of town
in the middle of the night.
What about Big George?
Well, the way I figure it,...
they'd be satisfied if they had him.
Idgie, this is serious.
We're talking murder of a white man.
Someone's gonna have to pay.
Nobody wants to hang a woman.
No deal.
Hey, Idgie, I know how
you feel about Big George.
Hell, we all do.
But, these are just the facts of life.
I can't do that.
Take me to jail if you have to.
Well, that's what I thought you'd say!
Cos you are absolutely,
unconditionally,
positively the most stubborn person
I've ever known in my life!
So, Idgie and Big George went
to the county jail in Valdosta,...
to await trial for the murder
of Frank Bennett.
They didn't have to wait too long.
Did you know Frank Bennett?
No, sir.
You mean to tell me...
you never met the man
whose wife, Ruth,...
is your business partner?
That's right.
And you never threatened
to kill Frank Bennett,...
at his home in front of
his hired man, in June of 1932,...
the same Frank Bennett
you did not know?
Oh, that was me, all right.
I thought you wanted to know
if we'd ever met.
The answer's "no". Um...
I threatened to kill him, but...
we were never what you might say,
properly introduced.
Is it not true that
in September of 1932,
you came to Valdosta and took
Frank Bennett's wife and child
back to Alabama with you?
Mmm, just the wife.
The child came later.
How much later?
The usual.
Nine months.
Well, I suggest that you bribed...
this poor weak woman
with promises of...
liquor and money...
and she lost...
control of her senses, momentarily.
And when her husband came back
to get her and take her home,...
you and your coloured man...
murdered him in cold blood.
No, sir.
Well...
Where were you on the night of
September 30th, 1933?
I was at the town hall,
doing a show.
And after that?
I was over at my mother's house.
Oh, yeah?
Who was with you?
Just Big George and myself.
What about your mother?
Can she confirm that?
No, sir.
She died a year ago.
Well, I'm sorry to hear that.
But, Miss Threadgoode,
you expect 12 intelligent men
to believe you,...
although one witness is dead
and the other is a coloured man
known to be a...
worthless, no-good, lying nigger?
You expect these men
to take your word for it
just because you say so?
That's right, you gump-faced,
blown-up, baboon-assed bastard!
Oh.
One more outburst like that,
I'll hold you in contempt of court.
You understand?
Yes, sir.
Lord!
Next witness, please.
Did you know that you were pregnant
at the time you left Valdosta?
Yes.
And yet...
you tell us over and over...
that you went with this woman...
willingly?
Yes, I wouldn't raise my child
with Frank Bennett.
But, why?
Did this woman promise you money?
No.
A bigger home?
Then tell us, Mrs. Bennett,
why would a respectable
Christian woman...
go anywhere with this
Idgie Threadgoode,...
- whose reputation is known
- Objection!
- far and wide as a notorious liar...
- Objection sustained.
Why did you leave with
Idgie Threadgoode that day?
Answer the question, Mrs. Bennett.
Because she...
she's the best friend I ever had.
And I love her.
Thank you, Mrs. Bennett.
That will be all.
The defense calls as its last witness,...
the Reverend Herbert Scroggins.
Place your right hand on the Bible,
please, Reverend.
I brought my own,
if you don't mind.
Do you swear to tell the whole truth
and nothing but the truth?
I do.
Do you have information
about the whereabouts of...
Idgie Threadgoode
and her coloured man,
known as Big George,...
on the night of
September 30th, 1933?
Yes, sir, I do.
Really?
It has been suggested here...
that she and her coloured man
were at her mother's house.
Can you confirm that?
No, sir.
That is a lie.
Oh, shit.
It has been my habit...
to write down all the dates...
of the activities of
the church in my Bible.
And I show that the night
of September 30th, 1933...
was the start of our annual revival...
down at the Baptist camp ground.
Sister Threadgoode was there,...
along with her hired man,
George Pullman,...
who was in charge of the barbecue,...
just as he has been every year
- for the last ten years.
- Objection!
That doesn't mean anything.
Murder could have taken place
any time in the next few days.
Have you ever been
to one of our revivals, sir?
Well, no.
Do you attend church regularly, sir?
Of course, I do.
Good.
Well, maybe if you attended
one of our revivals,...
you'd know they last
three days and three nights.
Your Honour.
Approach the bench.
Percy,...
it don't look like
you've got a case at all.
In the first place, there's no body.
Second, we've got us a preacher
nobody's going to dispute.
- But, Your Honour--
- I'm telling you what you've got...
is a whole lot of nothing.
I say Frank Bennett
got himself drunk,...
drove into the river...
and was long ago eaten up.
And I don't give
a good goddamn!
What we got us here
is a case of accidental death.
Case dismissed!
Whoo!
See you in church, sister?
Reverend.
I can't believe he actually
swore on the Bible.
Well, not really.
If that judge had looked any closer,...
he'd have seen it was really
a copy of Moby Dick.
But, why did he do it?
For the sheer joy of
seeing you in church again,...
which I suggested to him
might be your penance.
- You didn't promise him?
- Yes, ma'am, I did.
And I never break my word.
If I live a thousand years,
I will never forgive you for this.
I don't know what's worse,
church or jail.
There now.
Don't you look pretty?
Oh, yes, honey.
You'll have me looking like
Ginger Rogers before you're done.
But, don't let Mr. Dunaway see me.
He's liable to go wild.
Well, I'm glad to see
you're in a good mood.
And you've slimmed down quite a bit
in the last few weeks.
I'm just so happy...
Big George and Idgie got off.
I would have killed
Frank Bennett if I could.
Did anybody really think she did it?
Some said yes, some said no.
Of course, the only one who
really knew was Frank Bennett.
And you know what they say.
Dead men tell no tales.
Towanda!
Evelyn, what in the hell
are you doing?
I need some light and air.
Why don't you step outside...
and take one of your walks
or your jog or...
whatever it is you do?
And there's no dinner, either!
Ed, you have any idea...
why I've been going
to all these classes?
No.
I've been trying to save our marriage.
What's the point of my trying
if you're gonna just sit
on your butt drinking beer...
and watching baseball...
basketball...
football...
bowling and hockey and...
golf and...
challenge of the Gladiators?
Mrs. Couch?
I'm Sue, Mrs. Otis's daughter-in-law.
Well, hi.
How are you?
I've heard so much about you
from Mrs. Threadgoode.
Oh, she is so sweet.
She's been looking after
my mother-in-law for years now.
Well, now, how is Mrs. Otis doing,
by the way?
Oh, much better.
Thank you.
I guess it just takes time
getting used to a strange place.
Well, I'm glad to hear it.
I know Mrs. Threadgoode's been anxious
to get home for some time now.
Mrs. Couch,...
Mrs. Threadgoode doesn't
have a house any more.
They tore that down.
What?
Well, they had to.
It was falling apart.
And it was condemned.
Oh, no.
Does she know that?
No, well, we didn't see
any point in telling her.
It would just break her heart,
poor old thing.
But, I am so glad
I got a chance to meet you.
You take care of yourself, now.
Bye-bye.
Oh.
Evelyn, hey.
Hey.
Do you like my roses?
Since I can't get home...
to look at my own roses,
I made myself a paper garden.
- I've got everything but the bugs.
- They're lovely.
You been here long?
Happy birthday!
Oh.
- I shouldn't have woken you up.
- Of course, you should.
Don't you never let me sleep
through a visitor's day, honey.
I look forward to them all week.
So do I, Mrs. Threadgoode.
So do I.
Oh!
I can't believe you remembered!
You made me fried green tomatoes!
Mmm.
Mm, mmm.
- They're delicious.
- It's your recipe.
Are they cold?
No. They're just the way we used to
have them at the Whistle Stop Café.
Mmm.
You couldn't be sweeter to me
if you were my own daughter.
Mmm-hmm.
Here's your napkin.
And wait, wait, wait.
- Queen! Queen!
- Oh!
You know...
I don't feel 83.
It sort of slipped up on me.
I never expected to live this long.
Of course, the Lord takes us home
when he wants us.
Are you all right?
I was thinking about Ruth.
After the trial was over,...
everything went back to normal.
Till that fall when Ruth lost her appetite.
By the time Dr. Hadley looked at her,
he said the cancer was so bad,
she only had a couple of weeks.
Well, we moved her to
the Threadgoode house and...
put her downstairs,
so she'd be more comfortable.
Sipsey moved in with her
and never left her side.
- Hold on, baby, I'm right here.
- Idgie just prayed for a miracle.
Now, listen to me.
Make sure he graduates.
And don't...
let him come to the funeral.
I don't want him going
through that mess.
Would you quit talking like that?
What funeral?
You're gonna be back on your feet
feeling just fine in just a few days.
Just you wait.
Oh.
What's the matter, son?
Well, let's go for a walk.
Did you get into a fight?
I got punched in the nose.
I can't play like everyone else.
Hey, did I ever tell you
the story about...
the oysters?
All the millions of them
just lying around--
And God puts sand in one of them
and it makes a pearl.
Oh.
Did I ever tell you about
Eva's three-legged dog?
How it never felt sorry for itself,
and howl ought to be
smarter than a dumb dog,
and not feel sorry for myself?
You listen to everything I say,
don't you?
You get real mad at me
when I don't.
Well.
You know about your mama.
She's sick.
Mmm-hmm.
You see, now...
is the time for courage.
I guess you already know that...
there are angels masquerading as people
walking around this planet,
and your mom is
the bravest one of those.
Come here.
Mommy, I got hit!
You should see me.
Aunt Idgie, she hit me
in the back with a curve ball.
I didn't duck and I hardly cried.
She hit you?
Well.
She did that to me once, too, but...
I think I did cry.
Mama?
I'm sorry if you're sad.
Well.
Give me a big kiss, then,
and I'll never be sad again.
And you best not be sad neither.
You understand?
You promise?
Promise.
Attaboy.
You can go and wash up.
Sweet baby.
You two be alone now.
Hey, girl.
No, no.
That's nice.
Will you do one thing for me?
Yeah, anything.
Be good to yourself.
Even...
settle down if you can find someone
who can beat you in poker.
There are so many...
things I wanna say to you.
No.
I love your stories.
Tell me a story...
Idgie.
Oh...
God.
Go on, you old bee charmer.
Tell me a good tall tale.
Tell me the one about the lake.
What lake?
The one...
that used to be here.
Oh.
Well, that was just a lie.
I know that, fool.
Tell me anyway.
Tell me the story.
Well.
One time...
there was this lake.
And uh...
it was right outside of town.
And...
we used to go fishing and uh...
swimming and canoeing in it.
And uh...
see, one November,
this big flock of ducks...
came in and landed on that lake.
And uh...
And then, the temperature dropped so fast
that the lake just froze right there.
And the uh...
The ducks, they...
flew off, you see, and
they took that lake with them.
And...
Now they say that lake is
somewhere over in Georgia.
Can you imagine?
It's all right, honey.
Let her go.
You know, Miss Ruth was a lady.
And a lady always knows...
when to leave.
When I think on our departed sister,
Ruth Jamison,
I'm reminded of our Lord's
Sermon on the Mount.
and how his teachings was amplified--
It's funny how strong
Ruth affected everyone.
Even Smokey Lonesome.
When he died a few years back,...
he had one possession on him.
A picture of Ruth.
He was in love with her
from the first time he saw her.
We all were.
I shouldn't have told you this.
I hate death.
It scares me so.
Death is nothing to be afraid of.
Look at me.
I'm at the jumping-off place,
and I ain't afraid one bit.
Oh, Ninny.
You're so brave.
Ruth and Idgie were brave.
Not me.
I wouldn't be afraid
of death if I was you.
I'd be more afraid of
driving in rush-hour traffic.
♪ Oh oh ooh ooh ♪
♪ Just listen to that rain ♪
♪ Raining in the north ♪
♪ Raining in the south ♪
♪ Raining in the east ♪
♪ Raining in the west ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Tell me didn't it rain, children? ♪
♪ Rain, oh my Lord, didn't it? ♪
♪ You know it did ♪
♪ I said, oh my good Lord,
didn't it rain? ♪
♪ Hey, it rained 40 days and
40 nights without stopping ♪
♪ Noah got worried
and the rain kept a dropping ♪
♪ He sent out a raven, sent out a dove ♪
♪ The water, good God,
came down from above ♪
♪ They tell me my God
when it started to rain ♪
♪ The women and the children
began to scream ♪
♪ They knocked on the window
and they batted at the door ♪
♪ While they, hoo-hoo, take on more ♪
♪ Noah said: No more, my friend ♪
♪ God's got the key, I can't let you in ♪
♪ Hoo, hoo ♪
♪ Listen to the rain ♪
♪ Oh-oh ♪
♪ Just listen to the rain ♪
♪ Listen to the rain ♪
♪ Oh-oh, listen ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, listen ♪
♪ Listen to the rain ♪
♪ Oh-oh, listen ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, listen ♪
♪ Last chance ♪
♪ Listen to the rain now ♪
♪ And then drip, drop, drip, drop ♪
♪ Drip, drop, drip-drip a-drop ♪
♪ Drip, drop ♪
♪ Yeah, drip-drip a-drop ♪
♪ Now, drip, drop ♪
♪ Have drip-drip a-drop ♪
- Hi, honey.
- Oh.
Look what I got you.
Oh.
Ed.
How sweet!
Lilies.
- Yeah.
- My favourite.
I know.
Sometimes, I even amaze myself.
What's the occasion?
Oh.
Honey, I just...
feel sorry about...
the past few months,
you know?
I don't know what you're really up to,...
what's going on with you, but...
I guess I could have been more helpful
with your job and everything.
You know?
Well, why are you uh...
Why are you putting up this wall
where you just tore one down?
Well...
I changed my mind.
Well, I don't mean to seem...
dense or anything,
but what's changed?
The air and the light.
Ed...
You remember how
you used to tell me...
you always wanted
two women in your house?
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Well...
what if I was the younger of the two?
I don't believe I get your drift.
I want something more than
I've ever wanted anything before.
I want to bring Mrs. Threadgoode...
to our home.
I want her to live here with us.
I want to give her the love
she's given me.
You're kidding me, aren't you?
I'm absolutely serious.
That's why I'm putting the wall
to Kyle's room back up.
Well, honey.
This isn't something
you're just gonna do. I mean...
She's an old woman.
What if she got sick or something?
I mean, who, who's
gonna take care of her?
I will.
I can't leave her in that place.
She's not a stray cat or something.
Hell, she isn't even family.
- She's family to me.
- Now, Evelyn.
Evelyn.
Honey.
Uh, look.
Have, have, have you mentioned this...
harebrained idea of yours to her?
Not yet.
Well, good.
Then we'll just pretend
it never happened.
I'm making my own money now.
I'll pay for everything.
You don't have to do a thing.
Evelyn...
it's never gonna happen.
So, just forget about it.
Don't you ever say "never" to me.
Someone helped put a mirror up
in front of my face.
And I didn't like what I saw one bit.
And you know what I did?
I changed.
And that someone...
was Mrs. Threadgoode.
She needs my love and care now.
And I'm gonna give it to her.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have to go to the gym.
And if you won't listen to reason,...
there's always Towanda.
I knew that.
Listen.
Hey, Nin--
What are you doing?
Those are her things.
Those are Mrs. Threadgoode's things.
What are you doing in here?
Where is Mrs. Threadgoode?
Who?
Mrs. Threadgoode,
the woman who lives here.
Are you deaf?
I'm sorry, miss.
All they told me was
that the woman who lived
in here died this morning.
Oh, my God.
What...
What are you saying?
Well, she died early this morning.
They were short-handed,
so they asked me to...
take all this stuff down.
That's all I know.
Stop that!
What is the matter with you people?
Can't you wait a goddamn day,
for Christ's sake?
Do you have no respect?
These are her things!
Well, I'm sorry, miss, but they told me
to get this room ready for another patient.
Well, she may be just
another patient to you,...
but she was my friend.
And I loved her.
Sorry.
I'm just following orders.
What is going on here?
Why didn't you call me?
You could have at least called me
- before you sent that idiot here.
- I'm sorry, Mrs. Couch.
It just never occurred to me
that you would take it this hard.
I didn't even get
to tell her goodbye.
Oh, I know,
these things are difficult.
But, she died peacefully in her sleep.
And to tell the truth, I thought
you'd be happy for Mrs. Threadgoode.
- Happy?
- Why, yes.
- This is what she wanted.
- What, to be dead?
No, to go home.
You just missed her.
She left in a yellow cab
about a half-hour ago.
I don't understand.
What, a cab?
Well, yeah. She said there wasn't
no reason for her to stay
now that Mrs. Otis had died.
Mrs...
Otis is dead?
Wow, Mrs. Otis died.
Mrs. Otis died!
Mrs. Otis!
Oh, God!
Mrs. O--
Not that I'm,
I'm glad that Mrs. Otis died.
It's just--
Oh, God.
I've got to stop her.
Oh.
Hey, Evelyn.
Somebody stole my house.
It was right here when I left.
Unless--
Oh, Evelyn.
You don't reckon
I'm crazy, do you?
It was here when I left.
No, honey, you're not crazy.
This is the place.
Well, why would anyone want
to steal an old lady's home?
It wasn't worth nothing.
Oh, honey.
Nobody stole it.
They had to tear it down.
It was condemned.
I'm sorry.
I should have told you.
Well, somebody should have told me.
I'm old.
I'm, I'm not a child.
I'm sorry.
My husband, Cleo, and I
lived in this house for...
more than 40 years.
Now it's, it's gone.
83 years worth of living...
and all that's left of me
is what's in this box.
A bunch of old cards and pictures.
Come on.
I'll take you home.
This is my home!
And now it's gone.
And Mrs. Otis has gone.
Yeah.
I, I don't quite know
what to do. I...
This is the first time I can remember
when I don't have a soul to look after.
You can come look after me and Ed.
Oh, you're sweet.
But, I think you're doing
just fine on your own.
Don't you know
you'd be like a gift for us?
You're the reason
I get up every morning.
And that Mary Kay's having
such a good year.
And that I don't look like
some blob from a horror movie.
Well, with a little help
from Idgie and Ruth.
Come on.
I've got your room all ready.
What does Ed say about all this?
He'll learn to love it.
Did I ever tell you...
that Mrs. Otis was
Sipsey's baby sister?
- No, ma'am.
- Yes, she was.
Mrs. Otis was with Sipsey and me
the night Sipsey died.
Sipsey told me a story that night
I've never told a living soul, Evelyn.
The story about what really happened...
the night Frank Bennett disappeared.
- Hi, there.
- Miss Idgie,
you've got to come quick.
Well...
the show's hardly begun.
You've got to come quick now,
you hear me?
Run now and get help!
- Go get help, quick!
- Where's the baby?
- Run!
- Never mind.
Excuse me, sir.
I don't believe you should be
going anywhere with Ruth's baby.
Like I said,
you ain't going nowhere.
Damn, you're a thick-headed
son of a bitch, ain't you?
I told you you ain't going nowheres
with Miss Ruth's baby.
Come on, angel.
Come on.
Come on, sweetheart.
It's all right.
Come on.
It's all right, baby.
It was self-defense.
I don't know why any white jury
would care why I did it.
- Well, I saw it, and I can testify.
- Uh, excuse me here.
I don't mean no offense here.
But, I don't know who is less
likely to convince the jury,...
my mama...
or Mr. Smokey here.
No offense taken.
You're a good man, Mr. Smokey.
You did good.
The sun's almost up.
George?
Mmm-hmm.
I think...
it's hog-boiling time.
God, no, ma'am.
- It ain't cold enough.
- It's hog-boiling time.
- Hey, George?
- Uh-huh.
When is that barbecue
gonna be ready?
Oh, it's gonna be ready
any time now.
It smells so damn good.
I just can't wait to get me some.
Now, don't you forget to call me
when that's ready.
All right.
Here you go.
- Miss Idgie.
- Yeah.
Smokey left town.
I thought it'd be best
under the circumstances.
He asked that
you tell Ruth goodbye.
Shame he had to go.
Hold on!
I'm coming.
What you want?
We want some barbecue.
Oh, not today, you don't.
Go on, now.
Why, this is about
the best barbecue I ever ate.
The secret's in the sauce.
Sipsey?
My God.
That frying pan did more
than fry chicken that night.
Oh.
Did Idgie really barbecue
Frank Bennett?
Oh, you're pulling my leg.
Secret's in the sauce,
or so I've been told.
Now you know why
Idgie had to go on trial.
She knew the law would
never believe Sipsey.
No!
Sipsey or Big George
or anyone else of colour
would have been hanging
from the nearest tree.
Mmm.
To this day,
I'm still not sure whether
Ruth ever believed that...
Idgie didn't kill Frank Bennett.
Truth's a funny thing sometimes.
I feel better now.
Good.
I feel better because
all these people will live...
as long as you remember them.
You reminded me...
about what the most
important thing in life is.
- You know what I think it is?
- No, ma'am.
Friends.
Best friends.
Oh, Ninny.
Look.
Oh.
Idgie?
Idgie's alive?
Oh, yes.
She's still out and about,
charming bees and selling honey.
Sometimes, I think
I catch a glimpse of her.
Maybe, we'll see her today.
Maybe.
Let's go.
After Ruth died and
the rail road stopped running,...
the café shut down and
everybody just scattered to the winds.
It was never more than
just a little knockabout place.
But now that I look back on it,...
when that café closed,...
the heart of the town
just stopped beating.
It's funny how a little place like this...
brought so many people together.
♪ I'll remember you ♪
♪ When I've forgotten all the rest ♪
♪ You to me were true ♪
♪ You to me were the best ♪
♪ When there is no more ♪
♪ You cut to the core ♪
♪ Quicker than anyone that I knew ♪
♪ Now when the roses fade ♪
♪ And I'm in the shade, baby ♪
♪ I'll remember you ♪
♪ Didn't I? ♪
♪ Didn't I love you? ♪
♪ Didn't I love you, baby? ♪
♪ Didn't I? ♪
♪ Didn't I care? ♪
♪ Didn't I sleep ♪
♪ And didn't I weep beside you? ♪
♪ Oh, yes, you did ♪
♪ With a rain that was blowing
♪ In your hair ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ I'll remember you ♪
♪ When the wind blows ♪
♪ On through the piny wood ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ It was you who came right through ♪
♪ For me, baby ♪
♪ It was you who understood ♪
♪ Though I'd never say ♪
♪ I'd never say ♪
♪ That I've earned the way ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ That you have led me to ♪
♪ Darling, in the end ♪
♪ My dear sweet friend ♪
♪ Sweet friend ♪
♪ I'll remember you ♪
♪ Yes, I will, now ♪
♪ I will, now ♪
♪ - I'll remember you ♪
♪ - I'll remember ♪
♪ - Yes, I will, now ♪
♪ - I'll remember you ♪
♪ I'll remember ♪
♪ I'll remember you ♪
♪ Yes, I will ♪
♪ Help me out ♪
♪ Don't matter what happens ♪
♪ Time ain't gonna change nothing, baby ♪
♪ We could be halfway across ♪
♪ the world from each other ♪
♪ It don't make no difference ♪
♪ I'll remember ♪
♪ Every hour, every second ♪
♪ Every moment that we had ♪
♪ We do it, we do it ♪
♪ We do it don't do it ♪
♪ Gonna do it ♪
♪ Do it, do it, do it ♪
♪ Do it, do it, do it, do it, ♪
♪ do it, do it, do it ♪
♪ I'll remember ♪
♪ Oh, I'll remember you ♪
♪ I'll remember you ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Yes, I will ♪